What's up?
What are you doing stupid? Do you know who my dad is?
My father is the director of this factory
I can give you face if I can see you
Don't be shameless
Come on, let me go
Handle women in broad daylight
Zhao Gongzi's quality needs to be improved
Where the hell did you get your little grievance?
Such a big hurry up Lao Tzu's newspaper dish
Li's Group Li Beixian
You understand? I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Well, I don't know Tarzan.
I have eyes, not Tarzan
I, I deliberately let the violent offender go
I'll get out now hahaha
Are you all right?
Three times a day, you're just fine.
Recently, I noticed that the wound was touched with water.
Thank you rascal
Mr. Li
You're welcome.
Because you are the friend who refused.
Didn't you work in a hotel before?
What are you doing here?
Inexplicably fired by the hotel manager
Wang Dong also kicked me out
I really have nowhere to go
It can only be delivered from home below.
So miserable, Miss Ming
Did you offend someone?
Who is messing with you behind your back?
You have offended someone.
But I don't have any enemies
OK, I see.
I have one more meeting, so I'm leaving
Mr. Li, what do I give you?
Why do I feel he is more familiar than a chicken dog?